Attention to those considering Cielo in Seattle or really any Brookfield Property, residential or commercial.

Do you love frequently waiting 10+ minutes for an elevator because one is reserved by a constant flow of people moving out and one of the other ones (A) has been out of service for 2 months almost? (Happened multiple times, most recently today 6/25/25)

Do you love climbing multiple flights of stairs (potentially 10+ flights) because the elevator has 12+ people in it and it’s full and you’ve already been waiting 10+ minutes? (Happened most recently on 6/24/25)

Do you love not knowing if you’ll be able to charge your EV because someone came through and vandalized the chargers by cutting them off and removing the cords? (Charging stations were vandalized on or about 6/1/25, and as of 6/26/25 the property mgt has said nothing about what happened, their plan to fix or reimbursing residents for a portion of their $250/month parking fee due to their choice to not have on-site security to prevent such vandalism)

Do you love having a gym on site that you can’t fully use because of broken equipment?

Do you love a property management company that takes weeks to respond via email or just flat out doesn’t communicate about issues impacting the building entirely? (Wrote the property management team on 6/4/25 regarding the EV chargers and had an inquiry and as of 6/25/25 zero response. You call and they are “unavailable and it’s best to email them.”)

Do you want to live at a building where multiple tenants don’t have functioning A/C in their units? (As recent as 6/24/25)

Is dimly lit hallways due to multiple lights being out for multiple months your vibe? (Multiple floors)

How about the constant smell of trash as you drive out of the parking garage, is that on your “must have” list for your new home?

If you answered YES! to any or all of those, then CIELO AKA BROOKFIELD PROPERTIES is the building and Property Management team for you! You too can live here with ALLLLLL those great features and BONUS, it’ll ONLY be $4500+ a month for a 2 bedroom with utilities and parking!

If the above have you swooning and racing to become a resident, just keep in mind, all of the above are just since 4/1/25. Would love to share more “perks of the property” from before April but they’re so top secret an NDA was needed.

BONUS CONTENT: don’t forget to ask:

how many times in the past 9 months have 1 or all of the elevators been down for more than 1hr?

how many times in the last 9 months have you violated city ordinances by failing to repair residents maintenance requests within the allotted time that’s required by the city of Seattle?

how do I access my apartment if my phone dies?

how many car break-ins have been reported to management in the last year or they are aware have occurred?

when your website says things like “luxury apartments” and “unparalleled comforts” and “no matter the reason we’d love to hear from you”, were you aiming to be funny or did it just ironically happen?

Is the “we focus on premier service, innovation and attention to detail so every resident has a smooth and seamless living experience” from Brookfields Approach to Property Management in the room with us? Are Brookfield employees trained on it? Are they even told that that’s the goal?

Make sure you look at open cases against Brookfield. Current residents with qualms should consider submitting a complaint to the AG.

One year in, no lease delivered or signed ever. Our lease is up in 30 days, to date they have only sent screenshots of the monthly rate for lease renewal (rent only) and write it off as a system error instead of a compliance issue.

For research. Parcel ID can show active liens against the property (there is one): 1978200025

Also. Check out Silverman v. RealPage and Brookfield (Cielo)’s involvement in this matter for your consideration.

Brookfield as a company reportedly defaulted on several loans (perhaps relating back to the lien established 12/2024?). Given their legal troubles, the consumer reviews are likely a symptom of reckless management. I wouldn’t tie your housing security to their current standards